# Weekly dividends: myth or reality

There is a myriad of financial tools investors can use to put their money to work. Investors often focus on two main aspects of investment: growth and income. In case of growth, an investor buys assets, waits, and sells later with a profit. In the second case, you invest cash into assets that pay you back regularly, e.g. dividends.

In this post, I would like to focus on dividend paying stocks. Such stocks pay an investor on regular basis certain amount which depends on various factor and we will not dive in deeply into it. For example Intel Corporation (ITNL) pays quarterly dividends with Annual Dividend Yield of 2.6% (at the moment of writing of this post). With the price of a stock of around $50 you expect to get 32 cents per share every 3 months. It would be great if you could get dividends paid every week. You would be able to plan ahead knowingly that every Thursday(or any other favorite day of the week) you will get money in your brokerage account that you can rely on.

Luckily, SoFi, an American online personal finance company based in San Francisco recently introduced two new Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs): SoFi Weekly Dividend ETF (WKLY) and SoFi Weekly Income ETF (TGIF). The goal of these ETFs is to provide an investor with a steady, consistent and very frequent cash payments. Currently, WKLY pays 2 cents and TGIF pays 5 cents per share weekly, which results in 0.039%(WKLY) and 0.046%(TGIF) weekly payments. If you, as investor, value steady cash flow you get 2.04%(WKLY) and 2.44%(TGIF) annual return on your investment if you take the cash and use it. You could take the advantage of compounding and reinvest dividends. However, you would get a modest increase in annual return and get 2.06%(WKLY) and 2.47%(TGIF).

So far, these ETFs paid 2 and 5 cents, respectively, every week. Are they going to remain the same payments regardless of the state of the market? Can one rely on this cash flow? These questions remain open. If you are an investor that prefer a steady, regular and most importantly frequent payouts, you might want to look into these ETFs.

Note, I have no affiliation with any of the hedge funds nor I am a certified financial adviser. Everything here are just my thoughts and be caution if decide implementing any of them in real life.
